Add ERC: Auxiliary Funds Capability (#372)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7682.md

---
eip: 7682
title: Auxiliary Funds Capability

> description: A way for wallets to indicate to apps that they have access to additional funds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An ERC-5792 capability allowing wallets to indicate that they have access to additional funds.
```

Your description was fine before, but I feel like explicitly mentioning 5792 in the description might be useful.

author: Lukas Rosario (@lukasrosario), Wilson Cusack (@wilsoncusack)

> discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/add-erc-auxiliary-funds-capability/19599

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-7682-auxiliary-funds-capability/19599
```

status: Draft
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2024-04-09
requires: 5792
---

## Abstract

> An [EIP-5792](./eip-5792.md) compliant capability that allows wallets to indicate to apps that they have access to funds beyond those that can be accounted for by looking up balances onchain given the wallet's address.

Reviewer: It'd be nice to have a bit more technical detail in the abstract. How do wallets indicate this? Where could these funds come from?
